# BrainChimera-LLM
Newest Edition of the Brain Chimera-LLM Program.
This is a work in progress attempt at mapping text and training embeddings to a anatomical human brain-like storage into regions defined by MRI scans. Please use caution when using the program. 

# Important Disclaimers
The MRI scans are by different individuals so the LLM brain model will likely not be a one to one copy of a specific person. I am only choosing to use a male MRI scan to avoid potential problems with mixing biological male and female brain scans as both brains have very different region organization and nueral organization (biologically at least), which may cause problems with the llm organizing its data properly. It is possible to use this process with a female mri scan to achieve different results so there may need to be additional trials to adjust the results here for a female-inspired AI. The brain model is not an exact copy of the human brain because the AI does not need to have every human trait to preform tasks for humans. If this is used for medical purposes (such as making an AI copy of a patient for testing or identifying mental diseases), then it may not be accurate and would likely need to be greatly changed and increased in complexity for this purpose. It is not recommended to use this brain model for any medical purpose for the above reason. The MRI scans are not one to one scans of the human brain and the episodic memory components both may cause the brain model to behave a bit differently from how a human brain is expected to behave. This model must save all information given to it in its episodic memory in order to properly use its robust safety features. The model will emulate more human like behavior as a result of the above training methods, so it will require far more care and maintenance than a standard llm. The upside is that the model will continue to evolve and improve rapidly over time, so its IQ will be really high compared to other methods. 
